rearranged to accommodate all possible database states (#1045)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/standard-databases/manage-databases.adoc

If a user has not been granted `ACCESS` privilege to any databases nor any of the above special cases, the command can still be executed but it will only return the `system` database, which is always visible.

[[database-states]]
=== Database states

> A database's `currentStatus` can be one of the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A database's `currentStatus` can be one of the following:
```

| offline
| The database is not running.
If the `statusMessage` column is filled, the database is not running because of a problem.

| starting
| The database is not running, but is about to.

| stopping
| The database is not running anymore, but still has not stopped completely.
No offline operations (e.g. `load`/`dump`) can be performed yet.

| store copying
| The database is currently being updated from another instance of Neo4j.

| initial
| The database has not yet been created.

| deallocating
| Only applies to databases in a cluster.
The database is still online but will eventually be offline due to a transfer of its role in the cluster to a different member.
The status is `deallocting` until the transfer is complete, which can take anything from a second to a day or more.

| dirty
| This state implies an error has occurred.
The database's underlying store files may be invalid.
For more information, consult the `statusMessage` column or the server's logs.

| quarantined
| The database is effectively stopped and its state may not be changed until no longer quarantined.
For more information, consult the `statusMessage` column or the server's logs.

| unknown

> | This instance of Neo4j doesn’t know the state of this database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| This instance of Neo4j does not know the state of this database.
```
